chop for the UFC light heavyweight title
once again with our official
introductions for this battle the
veteran voice of the Octagon Bruce
Buffer Anderson Silva Forrest Griffin
and we are underway
getting in tight using the clinch so
what is it about Anderson Silva's clinch
game that seems to separate itself from
everybody else's it's just perfect muy
Thai his control his the squeeze that he
applies to the neck the way he uses his
elbows to move the body back and forth
he's just a master at it and got the
side control
postures up he's got his back
able to pass her up from full mouth
body shot
he's giving up his back once you get to
this position Brooks aren't really
enough anymore especially with a guy
when you're on your back and the guys on
top you want a significant risk of that
guy being able to flip over he's got
hands underneath the neck
he's got it he's got it
Oh
let's take a look at that again Mike Joe
the keys the leverage on the body isn't
it well the key is that arm across the
neck as soon as he gets that arm
underneath the chin he's able to secure
that hand on his bicep that gives him
tremendous leverage and he's able to
squeeze and cut off the blood supply the
head
Bruce Buffer has the official decision
ladies and gentlemen
ok
come here
Porter's Griffin defends his light
heavyweight title